# Infrastructure Guide

This document outlines how access is given to the documents and organizational systems we use.

## Website

To be listed on the website a committee member needs to provide a bio in the correct format on the AI Village website repository. This may be short and anonymized if the would like. The committee chair must have some presence on the site.

To be included on the site's bio page you must make a markdown file here in the `_volunteers` directory of the AIV website's repo [here](https://github.com/aivillage/aiv_website/tree/master/_volunteers). If you want to include a profile picture it must be included in the `_volunteers/profiles` subdirectory. If you don't, pick one of the 95 defaults we've provided in that directory. 

An example profile is here, it's saved as `_volunteers/sven_cattell.md`:
```
---
first_name: Sven
last_name: Cattell
position: President, Board Member
profile: 0061.png # There are 95 defaults generated by latent_diffusion. The image will be automatically turned into a circle.
expertise: ML Defense, Geometric data analysis # Optional
affiliation: nbhd.ai # Optional
bio: true # If you don't want to include a bio, change this to false.
---
Sven is the founder of nbhd.ai, a startup focused on the security and integrity of datasets and the AI they build. He was previously a senior data scientist at Elastic where he built the malware model training pipline. He has a PhD in Algebraic Topology, focused on equivariant K-Theory with Kac-Moody groups, and a postdoc in geometric machine learning where he focused on anomally and novelty detection.
```

If you are new to git, github and do not want to do this, ask for help on the logistic's server. 

## Email & Git Access

To get an AIV email they need to contact via email or discord direct message one of the Webmasters to get an email and github access. You have to be a member of the logistics discord first, and either be a committee chair or have a committee chair vouch for you to get this access.

## Discord & Github Roles

Committee chairs can make chat rooms and roles on discord. They can also request a Github team and a make private repos for that team as needed. When you join a committee your committee chair should provide you with the appropriate roles on discord and github. When you're done serving on a committee, the committee chair should either remove the role to remove access or provide you with a "Emeritus" role to preserve access while acknowledge that you're no longer actively contributing. The choice is up to the committee how they do this.